Game 1
It's alright, right?
Master, are you really thin?
It seems that he is immortal for that kid
It's not the small side that's wrong.
It's him Jiang Bailian
Are you proud that the stinky thing asked him to take the blame for you?
What words did I voluntarily receive the punishment for Senior Sister?
Junior brother, the mere speaker can't hurt me, Xiao Yingfang
Junior sister hum, some of this senior sister is good to you
Why should you like him?
Who said I like him?
You let me go
Brother, don't be brave
I said how can this kid still stand up?
It turned out that the master was merciful.
Oh, show me some mercy.
The master privately despises violating the rules
Let's just leave it at that.
Junior Sister
You are not related to him
What's the hurry?
Take the second palm
What are you doing? Pay attention to your image.
Pay attention to what?
Pay attention to the image
Do you want to fight?
What's the hurry?
slow work
Say it.
Lao Mao, you said that the three nectar poles refine hardware
I can absorb the power of others for my use
Refining the seventh step can offset all damage
The eighth step of refining the big palm cultivation base
Throw it away and don't look at it.
No one can practice the orchid cheats to the eighth step
There is no record
No Bajie
Then I'm going to create my own Bajie
The sea is open to all rivers for my use
Wouldn't that be a breakthrough in the seventh step of the Orchid Cheats?